HW8 - implementation

This file is split up into two sections, based off the requirements of the
assignment, with a `CODE CRITIQUE` and `EXPERIENCE REVIEW` section.

CODE CRITIQUE:


The code that our providers sent to us was functional, but not without its flaws.
While the code for the model (model + player + card, etc.) proved to be rather flexible, there were
some issues when it came to working with them on our end. For one, there were some redundant methods
included in the interfaces, such as two getHand methods in ReadOnlyModel, which did the exact same
thing, but took in different parameters. Another source of confusion that showed up throughout their
code was that there were three render methods included in their view, all with the same name, with
two of them in the interface SwingView, and one of them in the interface View. There was also
confusion in how both the model and grid both had a method that got the PlayerScore, and was named
the same thing, which didn't seem necessary.

As for our provider's views, while it is capable of producing an image of the board and hands on the
screen, there was trouble figuring our how to work with their listeners and observers, as there were
no interfaces provided there, but rather just concrete classes that didn't provide flexibility for
us to work with.


In terms of how cleanly and well-documented their code was - while everything was documented with
java docs, some of their methods had rather non-descriptive documentation, which led to us having to
ask our providers for specification on what exactly the purpose of a method was for. This of course,
can be avoided with just more detail on some of the documentation - is this method primarily for an
AI/human player? Why are the purpose of the multiple render/ getHand methods? -










EXPERIENCE REVIEW:

In terms of our own design, I wish that



Our experience with our providers (not code related) was solid. Our providers were quick to respond
to any emails looking for any clarification on their code, and were helpful in their responses.
They did, however, send us their code two days after they were supposed to, which hindered progress
for us.
